Add customization guide for next.js app router (#7316)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/guides/4.customization/1.pages-router/1.index.md

---
title: Alokai Customization Guide
layout: default
---

# Alokai Customization Guide

> Alokai is not a cookie-cutter solution, it is meant to be able to handle even the most complex use cases. This guide will take you through the most common customization scenarios. We aim to cover end-to-end implementation of realistic business requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alokai is not a cookie-cutter solution, it is meant to flexible enough to handle even the complex use cases. This guide will take you through the most common customization scenarios. We aim to cover end-to-end implementation of realistic business requirements.
```
